Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
Alright. Let's try this again.
From the top of page six,
aaaand sinjin stop sniffing me
aaaand action.
All right, don't get all mad. I was just sayin' that...
I know what you were saying!
Kevin... if you think my adopted
sister's a freaky weirdo
then why don't ya just say so?!
Your sister's a freaky weirdo.
You'd say that!
But you just told me
to... get outta here!
Get outta my ranch house!
Oh come on man!...Oh man!
Get out of here! Get out!
She's a weirdo!
Get out of here, freeloader!
I'm sorry, Mandy.
I thought he was my friend,
but anyone who'd call
my adopted sister a weird...
yep, yeah, shut up a second.
Hi, can I get a five o'clock
appointment for a foot bleaching?
Tori, is that in the rewrites?
No, it is not.
Trina, we're in the middle of a scene.
Yeah, well that doesn't help
whiten my feet, does it?
No, no, it has to be at
five... and don't gimme
that big sweaty girl.
I want foon-yee.
All right, guys, let's take five minutes.
Ten.
Five!
Look, can you just put
foon-yee on the phone?
Hey...
Busy.
Bye foon-yee.
You just hung up on the best
foot-bleacher in all of Beverly h...
Can ya help me?
Could you do that for me
please, as my sister,
can ya help me here?
It's just a stupid little
play why are you so amped?
Oh, come on, like you weren't
amped the first time
you got to direct a play.
You look bloated.
Have you been eating a lotta salt?
Listen!
I'd really like to get an "a"
in this class, so I would appreciate it
if you would help me out here...
ooo good, it's foon-yee.
Hey, foony girl...
I got some dingy feet for ya...
Sorry, you guys.
Ah, it's cool.
No big.
But uh... I gotta ask...
I mean, don't take this
the wrong way...
But, um... oh my God, I do look bloated?
No. Well...
Nah.
Why'd you cast trina as the lead girl?
I didn't want to.
Y'know my cuddle me Cathy doll
that I love and that I've had
since I was five years old?
No, I have no idea what
you're talking about.
You've never mentioned that, Tori.
Oh... Well, trina kidnapped her
and she wouldn't give her back
unless... ...
Unless you gave trina the lead.
Yep.
That's janked up.
Yeah. But uhhh...
Don't ya think you're a little "old"
to be playin' with dolls?
Right?
I know.
Okay, we're all good.
Foon-yee can take me at five.
Well, that's fantastic news.
You go to foon-yee?
Yeah, she bleaches my feet.
She bleaches my feet!
Ah! No way!
Oh my God!
Sinjin.
Crossing off.
Heeeeyy, trina.
What?
You wanna know my two
favorite things about you?
Ah!
Trina!
You don't know what I was gonna say!
Shut it, puppet.
Ah, so listen...
About your script... Yeah?
Why did you change all
my lines to alien words?
Well, it's not 'cuz I
think you're a bad actor.
Duh.
So can't I say some of
my lines in American?
Well, I just felt like...
You're such an amazing actor...
You don't even need real words to be great.
Yeeeaaaah, I get it.
Unh! Say it in alien.
Atta girl.
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
♪ Here I am, once again ♪
♪ feeling lost ♪
♪ but now and then ♪
♪ I breathe it in ♪
♪ to let it go ♪
♪ and you don't know ♪
♪ where you are now ♪
♪ or what it will come to ♪
♪ if only somebody could hear ♪
♪ when you figure out how ♪
♪ you're lost in the moment ♪
♪ you disappear ♪
♪ you don't have to be afraid ♪
♪ to put your dream in action ♪
♪ you're never gonna fade ♪
♪ you'll be ♪
♪ the main attraction ♪
♪ not a fantasy ♪
♪ just remember me ♪
♪ when it turns out right ♪
♪ 'cause you know ♪
♪ that if you live ♪
♪ in your imagination ♪
♪ tomorrow you'll be ♪
♪ everybody's fascination ♪
♪ in my victory ♪
♪ just remember me ♪
♪ when I make it shine ♪
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
All right, don't get all mad
I was just sayin' that...
I know what you were saying.
Kev! I just... look, if you think
my sister's a freaky weirdo,
then why don't you just say so?!
You liking it so far?
I can't believe you'd say that!
But you just told me... get outta here!
Get outta my ranch house!
Don't chew like that.
Give me a hug, kev!
You don't do that!
Get out! Get outta here!
You got your wish!
I thought he was my friend.
But anyone who'd call my
adopted sister a "weirdo"
is no friend of mine.
Aw Mandy, you know I
can't understand you...
Not with your speech impediment.
Ahhh, you're... you're hungry!
You're frightened!
You're sticky?!
You're canadian!
You like my pants.
Ohhh I don't understand!!!
You want me to come closer?
Whoa Mandy! Wait.
What is... wha-... Oh... Ohhhhhhh...
I can "hear" your thoughts!
Tori... What do you mean
you're not the same as me?
Yeah?
You wrote this play?
Yeah. Ya like it?
You're not of this earth?!
What does that mean?!
You're... ?!?!
You're from another planet?!
I don't believe you!
Oh, c'mon!
If you're an alien, why would
you pretend to be my sister,
here in this simple ranch house?!
Okay. Okay, then prove it!
Ya ready for this?
Yeah, get excited.
Ooo!
How did she get her feet so white?
Well done, foon-yee.
Oh my God! Mandy!
You are an alien!
Oh my gosh!
How come you never told me... help!
Get her down!
Stop the play! Hurry!
Well I guess someone
should get this on video.
Grab the light thingy!
Thank you for making me come to ts s play.
Their poor ranch house.
Please tell me it's over.
It's over.
Get this wall off of me.
Come on, help me!
Lift it!
1..2..
Poor trina.
I just don't understand what went wrong.
Don't worry.
One time my brother was
in Vegas and he fell out
of a fourth storey hotel
window and landed on the roof
of a shuttle bus.
And he was okay?
No.
Well...
But he's okay now?
Nooooo.
He's seriously messed up.
C'mon c'mon, I gotta get outta here.
I'm supposed to meet keeko after school.
Keeko?
Yeah, this girl I met at b.
F. Wangs.
She's all exotic and polynesian.
I gotta get outta here!
I love b.F. Wangs!
Have you guys heard their
bang bang noodles?!
No?
Bye!
Ah, lane says we can't leave.
Lane doesn't know about keeko!
What's so funny?
Are you laughing at that
video of trina getting hurt?
No.
I'm laughing at the comments.
You posted it online?!
A little bit.
How's trina?!?!
Is she all right?!?!
How's the ranch house?
Trina's banged up but she's gonna
be fine... nothing serious.
Oh, thank God.
Yup. Bye!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no.
Sit down.
Whyyyy?
Yeah, why do we have to be here?
'Cuz. You all are suspects.
Aw, not again.
Suspects?
For what happened to trina?
Mmm-hmm.
But that was an accident.
Yeah.
A terrible, hilarious accident.
That already has seventeen hundred views.
Posting videos of people's
tragedies is just mean and wrong.
Yeah, no... thanks.
I really appreciate your input on that.
And what happened to trina...
Wasn't an accident.
This is the gimbal that
connected trina's harness
to the steel wires that mad] Her fly.
Hey listen, I'd love to hang,
but I met this girl named keeko
at b.F. Wangs and I... hey.
See this?
Someone cut a notch here, and
that's what made trina fall.
So... you're saying it was...
Sab-o-tage?
Yeah, and according to
trina, every one of you
was with her at some point,
just before the show.
Man, whoever did it, you better step up!
I wanna go play with keeko!
Oh come on!
Nobody here would do that to trina.
Except you.
Wh... me?!
Who me?
Why I would never harm
my dear sister trina!
Not me, sweet Sally peaches!
I don't talk like that!
Whatever.
I saw what happened.
When?
Before the play.
She and trina were fighting.
We were arguing.
Yeah?
And do all your arguments end
in "I'm gonna kill you"?
Oh don't gasp.
But I really didn't threaten her.
Sounded like it to me.
Okay, why don't you tell us
exactly what you saw and heard.
Sure. Ah, let's see...
It was about twenty minutes
before the play started and
I walked into the black box
'cuz Robbie owed me ten
bucks and I wanted it back.
Robbie.
And I saw Tori and trina fighting.
Trina!!! Trina!!!
What?
I gave you the lead in my play,
now gimme my stinking cuddle me
Cathy doll back!
Okay okay, just a sec, relax...
here.
Where is her bonnet?!
This thing?
What'd you do to it?!
Ahhhh, I might have blown my nose into it.
Ooooohhhh you filthy skunk bag!!!
I am gonna kill you so hard.
Hey Tori, I brought you some pansies.
Why can't I be pretty like you?
That's not even close to how it happened!
It's how I remember it.
Yeah 'cuz you're demented.
Ooo, so you think I'm pretty and demented?
I never said you were pretty
and I never "punched" sinjin!
But you admit you threatened trina.
No!
Wait... I did kinda hear you tell
trina you were gonna kill her.
So did I.
But if you're gonna try to
kill me, too, then all I heard
was pretty music.
La la la la la.
Two witnesses.
Oh c'mon, I know Tori and
there's no she'd ever...
Aw, it's keeko!
Tori's guilty, I gotta go!!!
A r right, I might've said something
that kinda sounded threatening,
but I didn't really mean...
So you threatened her, and
then somebody just happen
to cut the gimbal on her harness.
I didn't punch sinjin, and I'd
never sabotaged trina's gimbal!
Yes, you did!
No, why would I... why... what you
saw doesn't make any sense.
Hey... c'mon...
Hey! Come in.
You know where nurse kotter is?
No, why?
I think Tori broke my jaw.
Dun, dun, dunnnnn.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
- What's wrong with you?
- Just give me a break, man.
Hey. Hey. Okay okay!
Sinjin...
did Tori punch you in the jaw?
Well, yeah.
Ha!
But it was an accident.
Bleeeeghhhhh!
Leaaaghhh!!
I think nurse kotter's in
the gym with coach Davis.
I'll go to the gym.
Okay... do you guys wanna
hear what really happened
between me and trina
before the play started?
Oh my God it's keeko!
Shhhh shhhh!!!
Hey girl.
Mmm-hmm.
Andre... shhh, shhh, shh.
Yeah.
You just hang now I'll be there in a beat.
All right then.
Can we get through this fast, please?!
Tell your story, Tori.
"Tori's story"... that's so rhymie.
Okay. So it was uhhh...
Twenty minutes before the play...
I heard Jade come in, yelling for Robbie.
Blerrrrggghhh!!!
Robbie!
Me want Robbie!
Blerrrrggghhh!!!
Oh so I'm a monster now?
Let her tell it how she remembers it.
Thank you.
So yes, I was arguing with trina,
'cuz she wouldn't gimme back
my cuddle me Cathy doll.
Trina, c'mon, please?
What?
I gave you the lead role in my
play... so I could I please have
my doll back, please?
All right.
Just a sec...
Here.
Awww, thank you so much.
Uh, I'm pretty sure she had a bonnet.
Ah, whatever.
Take it.
Thank you.
Do you know what happened to it?
Yeah, I blew some snot into it.
Oh my God, stop making me
laugh or I'm gonna kill you.
Well, thanks for giving me
my cuddle me Cathy back.
I'm so happy!
Aah.
Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry!
Yeah I'm gonna go put my alien makeup on.
Move.
Blerrrrrgggghhh!!!
It's not my fault you spilled your coffee.
Klutz.
Okay, that's like the opposite
of what really happened.
That's exactly what happened.
Okay, hold on...Hooooold on.
There is another person
here who had a reason
to get back at trina.
Well, it's not me!
All I wanna do is go play with keeko!
Who else had a motive to get back at trina?
Cat.
Hiiiiii.
Cat?
Whaty?
Did you cut trina's harness gimbal?
Noooooo.
Why would I wanna hurt trina?
'Cuz of what happened between you two
right before the play started.
What happened?
Well, um...
Aw, no no!
Now we gotta hear another
version of the story
from a unique point of view?!
.. Ahhhh, hah hah.
Okay.
Ummmm, it was an unusually windy
day here in Los Angeles...
Get to the point!
Okay, uhhh, Tori had just accidentally
whacked sinjin in the jaw...
And right about then,
Cat was helping me with my
costume and feeling my muscles.
When trina walked by and said...
Hey Robbie.
Why don't you come backstage with me
and, ah, help me do my makeup or...
whatever.
You make me happy.
Why don't you just get outta here?!
Why don't you?!
Ladies. Come on now.
Look there's one of me... Two of you...
And seven swinging days
in the week.
He even makes math hot.
Mmmhmm.
Robbie's mine!
He loves me!
Ah!
Ow!!! You thwacked my head!
She thwacked my head!
I'll get you for that, Trina Vega!
I'll get you good!
What?
That's how it happened.
It is not!
Okay, Cat... tell us
what you remember.
So none of you people want me
to have a pretty girlfriend,
is that it?!
I find myself a keeko, I
make myself a keeko date,
and nobody cares!
Well, that's cool!
Go on, Cat, tell us what happened!
And start from the beginning!
Just start with Adam and
eve and go from there!!
Just tell us what happened.
With what?
With trina!
Before the play started.
Oh yeah!
So Tori and trina realized
that they had been tricked.
So they needed to replace their furniture.
And so they... they got jobs packaging Sushi...
But the Sushi
was moving way too fast, ...
so Tori and trina couldn't keep up.
And things got so crazy!
Cat...Cat!
Whaty?
That didn't happen to Tori and trina.
No?
It happened on a tv show.
Drake & Josh.
Heh heh... that show was classic.
Oh.
Then I don't know what
happened with Tori and trina.
Can I have some oatmeal?
No.
Well, we're not any closer to
figuring out who in this room
sabotaged trina.
This is...... listen all right?!
Lane, you know I think you're awesome
but this whole thing is insane.
I mean, okay, we all know that
trina can be really annoying...
Amen.
Mmmhmm.
Yeah.
...But honestly... c'mon...
Do you think any person in this room
would seriously try to hurt her?
I know I wouldn't.
And I don't think any of
you guys would either.
Not even Jade.
I might.
But I didn't.
But you know, some of the rigging
equipment we use is kinda old.
Yeah.
Right.
I think it was just an accident.
A terrible, hilarious accident.
That now has twenty-six
thousand views.
I think Tori is probably right.
It looks like it was cut...
Sab-o-tage?
But maybe it was just old, and it broke.
So not sab-o-tage?
And since trina wasn't seriously hurt...
I say we just put
this whole incident behind
us and... keeeeekoooo! Keeko!
Keeekoooo!
I'm coming, keeko. Keeko.
Now, listen!
Don't you ever put me in a
situation like that, ever again.
Relax, Rob.
You shouldn't have cut trina's gimbal.
Trina shouldn't have
whacked me in the face.
Mischief is never the answer!
Never?
Never!
You're just lucky I protected you.
And if anyone ever finds
out... they won't.
Nobody ever suspects the puppet.
Heh heh heh heh.
I thought you hated that word.
It's okay if I say it.
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.VN
www.Addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org